README.rst, before:

DICE
======================
.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/Hao-Liu/dice.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/Hao-Liu/dice
.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/Hao-Liu/dice/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/Hao-Liu/dice?branch=master
.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/dice/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://readthedocs.org/projects/dice/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status

DICE is a black-box random testing framework.

Goals and Objectives
--------------------

- Provides professional random testing.
- Apply to your project with minimal effort.
- Human friendly configuration process.

Quick Start
-----------


Documentation
-------------

All documentation is online at https://dice.readthedocs.org/en/latest/.

Contribute
----------

Bug reporting, issues and patches to both code and documentation are welcome on
Github_.

`Contribution Guideline`: http://dice.readthedocs.org/en/latest/contribute.html

Reference
---------

.. _Github: https://github.com/Hao-Liu/dice
.. _Documentation: https://dice.readthedocs.org/en/latest/

Commit message:

docs: Reference `getting started` in README
Signed-off-by: Hao Liu <hliu@redhat.com>

README.rst, after:

====
DICE
====

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/Hao-Liu/dice.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/Hao-Liu/dice
.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/Hao-Liu/dice/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/Hao-Liu/dice?branch=master
.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/dice/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://readthedocs.org/projects/dice/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status

DICE is a black-box random testing framework.

Goals and Objectives
====================

- Provides professional random testing.
- Apply to your project with minimal effort.
- Human friendly configuration process.

Getting Started
======================

Please check `Getting Started
<http://dice.readthedocs.org/en/latest/contribute.html>` section in the
document.

Documentation
=============

All documentation is online at https://dice.readthedocs.org/en/latest/.

Contribute
==========

Bug reporting, issues and patches to both code and documentation are welcome on
Github_.

`Contribution Guideline`: http://dice.readthedocs.org/en/latest/contribute.html

Reference
=========

.. _Github: https://github.com/Hao-Liu/dice
.. _Documentation: https://dice.readthedocs.org/en/latest/
